And with that,
I just wanna say congratulations on
making it to the end of this course.
It was only a two-page site.
We covered tons of material.
There was a lot in here,
a lot that you might wanna go over,
a lot that you might wanna practice.
But just yeah, congratulations
on making it to the end and
getting through this entire thing.
And take the time to go through
everything, to adjust everything.
Don't jump right into another project.
You can, of course, if you want to.
But take the time to just digest
everything, and then see, slowly,
how you can start using these different
things in different ways, and just
integrating some of the ideas, hopefully,
that you learned along the way here.
Because as much as possible,
what I wanted to show is that CSS can both
be maintainable and
just a lot of fun to author.
And so the early parts can take a little
bit of setup, but that setup really pays
off once you're starting to put more and
more content on the page.
And then those fun flourishes, and other
things that we can add at the end just to
make the user experience a little
bit more exciting and all of that.
So I really do hope that you enjoyed it.
I really enjoyed going
through all of this with you.
Yeah, so go out there and just remember to
keep on making your corner of the Internet
just a little bit more awesome.
>> [APPLAUSE]